Update readme (#463)
sanger/lighthouse: README.md

       ./dependencies/down.sh

### Running

1. Start the Lighthouse service specified in the `docker-compose.yml` from the
   root of the repository:

        docker-compose up

1. Find the lighthouse container id with:

        docker ps

1. Start a bash session in the container with:

>         docker exec -ti <container_id for lighthouse> bash

Reviewer: You shouldn't need to find out the container ID as Docker Compose names the container as well.  It will be called `lighthouse_lighthouse1` which you should be able to use in place of the container ID for this command.

```suggestion
        docker exec -ti lighthouse_lighthouse1 bash
```

Author: Good idea thanks. Mine had an underscore before the 1, hopefully that's consistent.

Reviewer: Yes sorry I did mean to include an underscore before the 1.  I'm starting to think the naming is not consistent over time though!  I have the newest version of Docker Desktop installed a couple days ago and now my container has the name `lighthouse-lighthouse-1` with hyphens instead of underscores.

Author: Uh oh! I'll add a disclaimer

   After this command you will be inside a bash session inside the container of lighthouse, and will have mounted all
   source code of the project from your hosting machine. The container will map your port 8000 with the port 8000 of
   Docker (configured in docker-compose.yml).

> 1. Now that you are inside the virtual environment, initialize the MySQL and SQLServer development databases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Now that you are inside the running container, initialize the MySQL and SQLServer development databases:
```

Author: Not sure either, but I'm going to leave it for now, as my mission was just to update the readme :)
